Main Page
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Jump to:  navigation, search
Welcome to Wikipedia,
the free encyclopedia that anyone can edit.
5,445,690 articles in English
Arts
Biography
Geography
History
Mathematics
Science
Society
Technology
All portals
From today's featured article
Dwayne Jones was a Jamaican 16-year-old who was killed by a violent mob in Montego Bay on the night of 21 July 2013, after he attended a dance party dressed in women's clothing. Perceived as effeminate, Jones had been bullied in school and rejected by his father, and had moved into a derelict house in Montego Bay with transgender friends. When some men at the dance party discovered that the cross-dressing Jones was not a woman, they confronted and attacked him. He was beaten, stabbed, shot, and run over by a car. Police investigated, but the murder remains unsolved. The death made news internationally. While voices on social media accused Jones of provoking his killers by cross-dressing in public, the murder was condemned by Jamaican educators and by Justice Minister Mark Golding. In the wake of the attack, domestic and international organisations devoted to LGBT rights and human rights – among them Human Rights Watch and Jamaicans for Justice – asked the Jamaican authorities for a proper investigation and for legal recognition of LGBT rights on the island. (Full article...)
Recently featured:
Audioslave
McDonnell Douglas A-4G Skyhawk
Columbia River
Archive
By email
More featured articles...
Did you know...
[Image: Maurice Wilder-Neligan]
Maurice Wilder-Neligan
... that Maurice Wilder-Neligan (pictured) was dubbed "The Eccentric Colonel" for distributing newspapers to his troops during a lull in an attack?
... that in the John Gay version of Achilles, the hero is introduced as a cross-dresser?
... that Sue Alexander tapped into her grief over her younger brother's death to write a children's book about a Bedouin girl dealing with the same issue?
... that the Indian Ocean coral Acropora rudis is "endangered" by habitat destruction and its susceptibility to coral bleaching, disease and ocean acidification?
... that Marc Soustrot conducted a staging of both Debussy's cantata La Damoiselle élue and Honegger's oratorio Jeanne d'Arc au bûcher at the Frankfurt Opera in 2017?
... that First Minister's Questions in the Scottish Parliament was moved to an earlier time to allow more school children to see the session?
... that governor Min Linka of Pegu was executed after his failed rebellion against his brother King Binnya U of Martaban?
... that smut has been reported on Scouten Brook?
Recent additions
Start a new article
Nominate an article
In the news
[Image: Ram Nath Kovind, newly elected President of India]
Ram Nath Kovind
Ram Nath Kovind (pictured) is elected President of India.
Iranian mathematician Maryam Mirzakhani, the first woman to receive the Fields Medal, dies at the age of 40.
Liu Xiaobo, a Chinese pro-democracy activist, political prisoner and Nobel Peace Prize laureate, dies at the age of 61.
Former Brazilian president Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva is sentenced to nearly ten years in prison over the Operation Car Wash corruption scandal.
A giant iceberg, covering approximately 5,800 km2 (2,200 sq mi), breaks away from the Larsen C Ice Shelf in Antarctica.
Ongoing
Recent deaths:
Chester Bennington
Blaoui Houari
Red West
George A. Romero
On this day...
July 21

[Image: Aswan High Dam]
Aswan High Dam
365 – A large earthquake that occurred near Crete and its subsequent tsunami caused widespread destruction throughout the eastern Mediterranean region.
1877 – During the Great Railroad Strike of 1877, much of central Pittsburgh was burned and looted in the Pittsburgh railway riots.
1925 – American high school biology teacher John T. Scopes was found guilty of violating Tennessee's Butler Act by teaching evolution in class.
1970 – The Aswan High Dam (pictured) in Egypt was completed after 11 years of construction.
2007 – Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows, the final book in the popular Harry Potter series by J. K. Rowling, was released and sold 15 million  copies in its first 24 hours , making it the fastest-selling book in history.
Simion Bărnuțiu (b. 1808) · Hart Crane (b. 1899) · Hubert Lyautey (d. 1934)

More anniversaries:
July 20
July 21
July 22
Archive
By email
List of historical anniversaries
From today's featured list
[Image: Oh Land]
Oh Land
Danish singer-songwriter Oh Land has recorded material for four studio albums, and guest features. She has also released an EP and a soundtrack album, and appeared as a featured artist for songs on other artists' releases. After solely writing and independently issuing Fauna in 2008 with Fake Diamond Records, Oh Land released her eponymous second studio album in 2011. Oh Land explored dance and modern pop music and featured contributions from a variety of producers. Five singles were released from the effort, with three of them ("Sun of a Gun", "White Nights", and "Speak Out Now") peaking within the top forty of the single charts in Denmark. The singer's Wish Bone was released in 2013. The record contained music from the pop genre, and was announced alongside the release of three singles: "Renaissance Girls", "Pyromaniac", and "Cherry on Top". Oh Land's fourth studio album, Earth Sick, was released in 2014 and promoted by singles "Head Up High" and "Nothing Is Over". (Full list...)

Recently featured:
Rail transport in Walt Disney Parks and Resorts
Works by W. E. Johns
London Monopoly locations
Archive
More featured lists...
Today's featured picture
[Image: Apollo 11 in popular culture]
Apollo 11 was the spaceflight that landed the first two humans, commander Neil Armstrong and LM pilot Buzz Aldrin, on the Moon. On July 21, 1969, Armstrong became the first human to walk on the Moon. This mission quickly captured the public's imagination and became prominent in popular culture. Over 530 million viewers worldwide watched the moon landing, and it received widespread newspaper coverage. For example, the July 21, 1969, edition of The Washington Post—shown here—used the main headline "'The Eagle Has Landed'—Two Men Walk on the Moon". In subsequent years, the moon landing has been frequently depicted or referenced in media, including in literature, films, and video games.

Photograph: Jack Weir; restoration: CarolSpears

Recently featured:
Ceiling of Sheikh Lotfollah Mosque
Japanese government-issued Oceanian Pound
Red Skelton
Archive
More featured pictures...
Other areas of Wikipedia
Community portal – Bulletin board, projects, resources and activities covering a wide range of Wikipedia areas.
Help desk – Ask questions about using Wikipedia.
Local embassy – For Wikipedia-related communication in languages other than English.
Reference desk – Serving as virtual librarians, Wikipedia volunteers tackle your questions on a wide range of subjects.
Site news – Announcements, updates, articles and press releases on Wikipedia and the Wikimedia Foundation.
Village pump – For discussions about Wikipedia itself, including areas for technical issues and policies.
Wikipedia's sister projects
Wikipedia is hosted by the Wikimedia Foundation, a non-profit organization that also hosts a range of other projects:

[Image: Commons]   Commons
Free media repository [Image: MediaWiki]   MediaWiki
Wiki software development [Image: Meta-Wiki]   Meta-Wiki
Wikimedia project coordination [Image: Wikibooks]   Wikibooks
Free textbooks and manuals [Image: Wikidata]   Wikidata
Free knowledge base [Image: Wikinews]   Wikinews
Free-content news [Image: Wikiquote]   Wikiquote
Collection of quotations [Image: Wikisource]   Wikisource
Free-content library [Image: Wikispecies]   Wikispecies
Directory of species [Image: Wikiversity]   Wikiversity
Free learning materials and activities [Image: Wikivoyage]   Wikivoyage
Free travel guide [Image: Wiktionary]   Wiktionary
Dictionary and thesaurus
Wikipedia languages
This Wikipedia is written in English. Started in 2001 (2001 ) , it currently contains 5,445,690 articles. Many other Wikipedias are available; some of the largest are listed below.

More than 1,000,000 articles:
Deutsch
Español
Français
Italiano
Nederlands
日本語
Polski
Русский
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
More than 250,000 articles:
العربية
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Euskara
فارسی
한국어
Magyar
Norsk bokmål
Português
Rom'nă
Srpski
Srpskohrvatski
Suomi
Türkçe
Українська
中文
More than 50,000 articles:
Bosanski
Български
Dansk
Eesti
Ελληνικά
English (simple form)
Esperanto
Galego
עברית
Hrvatski
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Norsk nynorsk
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
ไทย
Complete list of Wikipedias
Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Main_Page&oldid=787985504"
Navigation menu
Personal tools
Not logged in
Talk
Contributions
Create account
Log in
Namespaces
Main Page
Talk
Variants
Views
Read
View source
View history
More
Search
Navigation
Main page
Contents
Featured content
Current events
Random article
Donate to Wikipedia
Wikipedia store
Interaction
Help
About Wikipedia
Community portal
Recent changes
Contact page
Tools
What links here
Related changes
Upload file
Special pages
Permanent link
Page information
Wikidata item
Cite this page
Print/export
Create a book
Download as PDF
Printable version
In other projects
Wikimedia Commons
MediaWiki
Meta-Wiki
Wikispecies
Wikibooks
Wikidata
Wikinews
Wikiquote
Wikisource
Wikiversity
Wikivoyage
Wiktionary
Languages
العربية
Български
Bosanski
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
Ελληνικά
Español
Esperanto
Euskara
فارسی
Français
Galego
한국어
Hrvatski
Bahasa Indonesia
Italiano
עברית
ქართული
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Bahasa Melayu
Nederlands
日本語
Norsk bokmål
Norsk nynorsk
Polski
Português
Rom'nă
Русский
Simple English
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Српски / srpski
Srpskohrvatski / српскохрватски
Suomi
Svenska
ไทย
Türkçe
Українська
Tiếng Việt
中文
This page was last edited on 28 June 2017, at 19:46.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.
Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view
[Image: Wikimedia Foundation]
[Image: Powered by MediaWiki]
